Add sawansri@ profile (#3872)
opensearch-project/project-website: _community_members/sawansri.md

---
name: Sawan Srivastava
short_name: sawansri
photo: '/assets/media/community/members/sawansri.png'
title: 'OpenSearch Community Member: Sawan Srivastava'
primary_title: Sawan Srivastava
breadcrumbs:
  icon: community
  items:
    - title: Community
      url: /community/index.html
    - title: Members
      url: /community/members/index.html
    - title: 'Sawan Srivastava&apos;s Profile'
      url: '/community/members/sawan.html'
github: sawansri
linkedin: sawan-s
job_title_and_company: 'Software Development Engineer Intern at AWS'
personas:
  - author
permalink: '/community/members/sawan.html'
---

> **Sawan Srivastava** is a Software Development Engineer Intern at AWS working on the Core Search team in OpenSearch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Sawan Srivastava** is a Software Development Engineer Intern at AWS working on the Core Search team for the OpenSearch Project.
```
